{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16260\viewh11280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MOM6.\
\
\'97\
\
TO COMPILE:\
\
In the root directory compile.sh (and Makefile) compiles MOM6 and create executable code in the build/intel/ocean_only/repro/ repository. All this needs to be moved to wherever you want to execute MOM6. \
\
\'97\
\
Important input files, all in the WORK directory:\
\
1. MOM_input. Here you can define most runtime input parameters.\
\
2. input.nml. Here you define the length of the simulation, and input/restart files.\
\
3. diag_table. This controls which NetCDF files are outputted and how frequently. \
\
4. logfile\'85.out. Shows all runtime parameters used by the model. \
\
\'97\
\
Important modules and subroutines:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 1. MOM6/src/MOM6/config_src/solo_driver/user_surface_forcing.F90\
Subroutine USER_wind_forcing is called by MOM_surface_forcing.F90 and defines the tilted wind stress forcing for double-gyre flow.\
\
2. MOM6/src/MOM6/src/user/user_initialization.F90\
Inside subroutine USER_initialize_thickness the initial uniform thicknesses of the (three) layers are defined.  \
Inside subroutine USER_set_coord we define the reduced gravities between the three layers.\
\
3. MOM6/src/MOM6/src/core/MOM_continuity_PPM.F90\
Here I\'92ve written two new subroutines, h_relax_user_tilt and h_mass_cons. The first implements a relaxation forcing on the upper-layer thickness, while the second imposes mass conservation. The relaxation restores the thickness to a sine curve in a tilted jet region whose axis aligns with the wind stress forcing.\
\
\'97\
\
\
\
}